I'll just wait here
what are you doing here shit what I told
ya close the door I didn't get a
question for you just give it to me
not so fast don't play with me like that
bitch here you almost done
yeah what's that your question no my
question is do you like cocks here now
are you kidding no I'm serious right now
dude I know you like cocks so let's go
Mike I love cocks
I told you it was carl cox we gotta go
say what's up Carl Cox dude you're the
greatest DJ ever bro your style is so
clean yeah thanks
hey can I ask you for some advice like
how you got started because you know we
totally want to break into the club
scene yeah well you know the mixology
has really great DJs and artists and you
know it's perfect for God like
yourselves how do we sign up well if
you've got a really good mix tape and a
registration fee you can sign up with
them right there all right yeah we know
all about it that's why we came here
tonight laughing this a bit late for
this one that was a Cox please call the
car sorry Carl
yeah well thanks guys I'm gonna gauge my
mixer right okay okay thanks nice to
meet you
we got a surprise guest tonight live at
the Knitting Factory please give us the
deejay
take a flyer yeah
girls can take a fire there you go
no finals we have to enter the mixology
dude kappa can we afford it who cares
dude I'm gonna go find Larry we'll work
it out
all right I'll meet you at the bar okay
and now that was recording all this DJ
Colette
do you think